src/content/cookbook/kung-pao-tofu.mdx, before:

---
title: Kung Pao Tofu
description: This Chinese Kung Pao Tofu results in a crispy tofu and vegetable dish with a spicy, tangy sauce topped with peanuts and scallions.
source: https://thefoodietakesflight.com/vegan-kung-pao-tofu/
pubDate:
author: David

image:

tags: [vegan, tofu, chinese, spicy]
servings: '2'
prepTime: 30 minutes
cookTime: 25 minutes
totalTime: 55 minutes
ingredients:
  - category: Tofu
    items:
      - 500 g extra firm tofu
  - category: Sauce
    items:
      - 1 tbsp chinese black vinegar or rice vinegar
      - 3 tbsp soy sauce
      - 2 tbsp sugar
      - 2 tsp chili garlic sauce or chili oil (adjust according to desired spice)
      - 3 tbsp room temperature water
      - 1/2 tbsp cornstarch or potato starch
      - 1 tsp grated or minced ginger
      - 2 cloves garlic minced
      - 1 scallion sliced (white parts included)
  - category: Tofu Coating & Cooking
    items:
      - 3-4 tbsp cornstarch or potato starch
      - ¾ tsp salt
      - Oil for frying (to cover the bottom of your pan)
  - category: Stir-fry
    items:
      - 1/2 medium onion sliced into squares
      - 1 small red bell pepper sliced into squares
      - 2 dried chiles optional
      - 1 scallion chopped (white parts included)
      - 1 tbsp Shaoxing wine
      - 1-2 tsp szechuan pepper powder or ground peppercorns
      - 1/4 cup fried or roasted peanuts plus more for garnishing

instructions:
  - Drain excess water out of the tofu
  - Mix all the sauce ingredients together in a bowl or measuring cup. Set aside.
  - Slice the tofu diagonally into large squares before cutting them in half to form triangles. You can also slice them into 1-inch cubes.
  - In a large bowl or container, mix in the cornstarch and salt.
  - Coat each piece of tofu in the cornstarch mixture. Add more cornstarch if needed.
  - Heat a large non-stick pan or skillet over high heat. Add in oilto have a thin later covering the surface of the pan. Leave the oil to heat up.
  - Once the oil is hot, add in the coated tofu.
  - Pan fry the tofu over medium high heat on each side until golden brown and crisp. Ensure that the tofu do not stick to one another in the pan. You may need to fry them in 2-3 batches depending on the size of your frying pan.
  - Set the tofu aside.
  - In the same frying pan over high heat, add in the onions. Sauté until tender over high heat, around 1 minute.
  - Add in the bell pepper and cook until tender, around 2 minutes.
  - Turn up the heat. Add in 1 tbsp Shaoxing wine and cook until it has evaporated.
  - Add in the szechuan pepper powder then mix well.
  - Add in the scallions and dried chili (if using) the mix together.
  - Afterwards, give the sauce good mix again to prevent the starch from sticking to the bottom. Over medium heat, pour in the sauce to the pan. Immediately stir. The sauce will slowly thicken due to the starch.
  - When the sauce has slightly thickened, add in the crispy tofu pieces and immediately mix to coat.
  - Turn off the heat then add in the peanuts.
  - Mix well and then serve immediately while hot to enjoy the tofu while they're still a little crisp! Garnish with more peanuts and chopped scallions if desired and serve with rice.
---

import ImageRecipe from '@components/ImageRecipe.astro';
import kungPaoTofu from '@images/cookbook/kung-pao-tofu/kung-pao-tofu.png';

<ImageRecipe src={kungPaoTofu} alt="Kung Pao Tofu made from this recipe" />

Commit message:

Add 2 dessert recipes. Adjust kung pao tofu.

src/content/cookbook/kung-pao-tofu.mdx, after:

---
title: Kung Pao Tofu
description: This Chinese Kung Pao Tofu results in a crispy tofu and vegetable dish with a spicy, tangy sauce topped with peanuts and scallions.
source: https://thefoodietakesflight.com/vegan-kung-pao-tofu/
pubDate:
author: David

image:

tags: [vegan, tofu, chinese, spicy]
servings: '2'
prepTime: 30 minutes
cookTime: 25 minutes
totalTime: 55 minutes
ingredients:
  - category: Tofu
    items:
      - 500 grams extra firm tofu
  - category: Sauce
    items:
      - ½ tablespoon cornstarch or potato starch
      - 2 tablespoons sugar
      - 1 tablespoon chinese black vinegar or rice vinegar
      - 3 tablespoons soy sauce
      - 3 tablespoons room temperature water
      - 1 teaspoon grated or minced ginger
      - 2 teaspoon chili garlic sauce or chili oil
      - 2 cloves garlic minced
      - 1 scallion sliced (white parts included)
  - category: Tofu Coating & Cooking
    items:
      - 3-4 tablespoons cornstarch or potato starch
      - ¾ teaspoon salt
      - Oil for frying (to cover the bottom of the pan)
  - category: Stir-fry
    items:
      - ½ medium onion sliced into squares
      - 1 small red bell pepper sliced into squares
      - 1 scallion chopped (white parts included)
      - 2 dried chiles optional
      - 1 tablespoon Shaoxing wine
      - 1-2 teaspoon szechuan pepper powder or ground peppercorns
      - ¼ cup fried or roasted peanuts plus more for garnishing

instructions:
  - Drain excess water out of the tofu
  - Mix all the sauce ingredients together in a bowl or measuring cup. Set aside.
  - Slice the tofu diagonally into large squares before cutting them in half to form triangles. You can also slice them into 1-inch cubes.
  - In a large bowl or container, mix in the cornstarch and salt.
  - Coat each piece of tofu in the cornstarch mixture. Add more cornstarch if needed.
  - Heat a large non-stick pan or skillet over high heat. Add in oilto have a thin later covering the surface of the pan. Leave the oil to heat up.
  - Once the oil is hot, add in the coated tofu.
  - Pan fry the tofu over medium high heat on each side until golden brown and crisp. Ensure that the tofu do not stick to one another in the pan. You may need to fry them in 2-3 batches depending on the size of the frying pan.
  - Set the tofu aside.
  - In the same frying pan over high heat, add in the onions. Sauté until tender over high heat, around 1 minute.
  - Add in the bell pepper and cook until tender, around 2 minutes.
  - Turn up the heat. Add in 1 tablespoon Shaoxing wine and cook until it has evaporated.
  - Add in the szechuan pepper powder then mix well.
  - Add in the scallions and dried chili (if using) the mix together.
  - Afterwards, give the sauce good mix again to prevent the starch from sticking to the bottom. Over medium heat, pour in the sauce to the pan. Immediately stir. The sauce will slowly thicken due to the starch.
  - When the sauce has slightly thickened, add in the crispy tofu pieces and immediately mix to coat.
  - Turn off the heat then add in the peanuts.
  - Mix well and then serve immediately while hot to enjoy the tofu while they're still a little crisp! Garnish with more peanuts and chopped scallions if desired and serve with rice.
---

import ImageRecipe from '@components/ImageRecipe.astro';
import kungPaoTofu from '@images/cookbook/kung-pao-tofu/kung-pao-tofu.png';

<ImageRecipe src={kungPaoTofu} alt="Kung Pao Tofu made from this recipe" />
