src/content/cookbook/pad-thai.mdx, before:

---
title: Pad Thai
description: A quick and easy pad thai recipe.
source: https://tastesbetterfromscratch.com/pad-thai/
pubDate:
author: Zijin
image:
tags: [thai, noodles, stir-fry]

servings: 2 servings
prepTime: 15 minutes
cookTime: 15 minutes
totalTime: 30 minutes

ingredients:
  - category: Pad Thai
    items:
      - 8 ounces flat rice noodles
      - 3 tablespoons oil
      - 3 garlic cloves minced
      - 8 ounces uncooked shrimp, chicken, or extra-firm tofu
      - 2 eggs
      - 1 cup fresh bean sprouts
      - 1 red bell pepper thinly sliced
      - 3 green onions chopped
      - ½ cup dry roasted peanuts
      - 1 lime
      - ½ cup fresh cilantro chopped
  - category: Sauce
    items:
      - 3 tablespoons fish sauce
      - 1 tablespoon soy sauce
      - 5 tablespoons brown sugar
      - 2 tablespoons rice vinegar
      - 1 tablespoon Sriracha hot sauce
      - 2 tablespoons peanut butter

instructions:
  - Cook noodles until tender, then rinse with cold water
  - Mix sauce ingredients in a bowl
  - Stir-fry protein, garlic, and bell pepper
  - Push ingredients aside and add beaten eggs to scramble
  - Add noodles, sauce, bean sprouts, and peanuts. Toss to combine
  - Top with green onions, cilantro, peanuts, and lime wedges
---

Commit message:

feat: comprehensive SEO audit with optimized titles, meta descriptions, schema markup, and enhanced recipe content

src/content/cookbook/pad-thai.mdx, after:

---
title: Pad Thai
description: A quick and easy pad thai recipe with rice noodles, vegetables, and your choice of protein in a sweet and tangy sauce.
source: https://tastesbetterfromscratch.com/pad-thai/
author: Zijin
tags: [thai, noodles, stir-fry, quick-meal, vegetarian]

servings: 2 servings
prepTime: 15 minutes
cookTime: 15 minutes
totalTime: 30 minutes

ingredients:
  - category: Pad Thai
    items:
      - 8 ounces flat rice noodles
      - 3 tablespoons oil
      - 3 garlic cloves minced
      - 8 ounces uncooked shrimp, chicken, or extra-firm tofu
      - 2 eggs
      - 1 cup fresh bean sprouts
      - 1 red bell pepper thinly sliced
      - 3 green onions chopped
      - ½ cup dry roasted peanuts
      - 1 lime
      - ½ cup fresh cilantro chopped
  - category: Sauce
    items:
      - 3 tablespoons fish sauce
      - 1 tablespoon soy sauce
      - 5 tablespoons brown sugar
      - 2 tablespoons rice vinegar
      - 1 tablespoon Sriracha hot sauce
      - 2 tablespoons peanut butter

instructions:
  - Cook noodles until tender, then rinse with cold water
  - Mix sauce ingredients in a bowl
  - Stir-fry protein, garlic, and bell pepper
  - Push ingredients aside and add beaten eggs to scramble
  - Add noodles, sauce, bean sprouts, and peanuts. Toss to combine
  - Top with green onions, cilantro, peanuts, and lime wedges
---
